hey whats up youtube this is alex
ruthless barbarian and i am back with
another episode of flea bass can we get
some sad music in here please because i
haven't played on this account for two
weeks and look how said this base looks
I mean oh my gosh there's really nothing
going on five builders available
nobody's working it is just sad I mean
it's very sad well anyway so we are back
so that means we're going to start
grinding for the walls for the upgrades
and so on and so forth and the first
thing of course let's get the free loot
that we get from our pumps and whoa look
at that sexy gem box the good thing
about not being playing for so long is
that you get ton of jams obviously gets
lots of objects you can remove and wow
look at that I've gotten Christmas tree
as well which is kind of funny because
when I started playing clash of clans
about two years ago I was the only
person from my plan who did not get the
original tree this is ridiculous I mean
I still bought sore about it but oh my
why would I use gems through to get gems
this makes no sense yeah gemma builder
for one GM took so you can get one gem
from a tree anyway get inside track so
what are we gonna do let's clear off our
map clean up this mess and start farming
like a mad dog because I really need to
start farming because as you can see we
have five builders so we definitely need
to start grinding should I remove this
maybe let's leave it let me know in the
comments guys if you want me to clean up
all that halloween update stuff or not
alright let's look at defense log so
just as expected wow this really hurts
272,000 of gold was stolen I feel really
bad for people that play like this and
they take a vacation come back and see
this on their defense lot this is just
ridiculous alright so oh my and not a
200k 118 oh that's it I quit six hundred
thousand and two attacks three start
back to how come on ah this is sad and
look at that ton of
oh I don't know what to say guys I'm
really upset right now but I guess that
makes it a little bit more challenging
because now I have to go back get it all
back get those millions dump them into
my base and make this base more over you
know what Tom halls supposed to look
like and by the way if you guys are new
to this channel this is not my main
account i keep saying that and somehow
people always say and keep commenting
saying you're such a noob and
prematurely rush your town hall blah
blah blah yes i did so so what's the big
deal anyway but still this is not my
main account of my main account is
almost maxed out on Paul 10 so as you
can see I'm trying to revenge these
people and revenge button works just the
way it's supposed to be it doesn't work
it's broken you can't revenge anybody
except for this guy but there's not much
I can do against this base to centralize
inferno towers nice to place the Expos
yeah we're not going to go for it so
what we're gonna do we're gonna try to
find a library and get that loot back
well looks like we found a nice base to
raid so this is an abandoned town hall 8
and the reason why I'm saying in
Savannah because as you can see his
collectors are pretty much full so I am
totally fine with that what's wrong with
taking free louth right so what are we
gonna do here I really doubt he's gonna
have anything in his clan castle but
we're gonna check it anyway and I also
doubt he's gonna have any giant bombs
but what worries me is that there is one
mortar outside and one more time behind
the wall which is probably going to kill
some of my troops but again the good
thing about having a premature tom whole
if there is one good thing is that as
soon as you get maxed out troops you are
absolutely devastating attacker yeah you
don't need any skills the troops will do
the magic for you I'm just kidding guys
you still need some skill because you
don't always find bases like this one
and there's ton of bases that are better
defenses better protection for the loot
and therefore you need some skill to
attack those so we definitely not going
to take this one in the middle but I
think every everything else is going to
be good so I'm going to draw a few more
barbarians I'm trying to be conservative
as much as possible and also
so I could save my troops for the next
rate and speed up the next raid as much
as possible so what i'm doing here is
trying to trick the way stauber by
dropping few barbarians it's kind of a
meat shield and i'm using my archers to
take it out again like i said if you
guys have um prematurely upgraded your
town hall and you're trying to recover
the first thing that you should be
invested in is definitely barbarians and
archers get them to level 7 as soon as
possible that will be the trick so just
like that we got one star we still have
some loot left and we're going to try to
take it out as well so I'm not gonna use
as many troops because like I said there
is no point right I'm gonna use about
five archers here on this on this gold
collector and I have my Archer Queen to
pick up some additional loot if I have
to so the question is do I won the
45,000 of elixir from this one in the
middle and the answer is no I think I'll
come in now today and get some more loop
all right let's go ahead and this battle
sixty percent so we got 160,000 of gold
128,000 of elixir and a little drop of
dark elixir as well I think this was a
pretty good rate so for starters and I'm
gonna start boosting my barracks and
farm like a mad dog yeah that's what I'm
gonna do now so I started upgrading my
Tesla to level three because I did have
a little bit ago left and that's about
it for today I don't have enough
resources but what I definitely want to
do for the next couple of days I will be
farming a lot and I need to upgrade
these bed guys so yeah Giants to level
66 million elixir in total that's what I
need I really need to start farming like
crazy and that's exactly what I'm gonna
be doing for the next couple of days
guys so updates will be coming up
frequently more often than usual so stay
tuned for more please do hit the like
button comment below as always peace out
guys enjoy your day and subscribe if you
haven't stay tuned for more
you